Adding `meta_desc` to blogs (first batch) (#1499)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/aws-cloudwatch-made-easy-with-pulumi-infrastructure-as-code/index.md

title: "AWS CloudWatch made easy with Pulumi Infrastructure-as-Code"
authors: ["cyrus-najmabadi"]
tags: ["AWS","Logging"]

> meta_desc: "Pulumi Crosswalk for AWS modules can be used to get first class insights and visualizations directy inside your Pulumi application. This blog shows how to use Pulumi to get regular insights on the performance of the application. "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_desc: "Pulumi Crosswalk for AWS modules can deliver first class insights and visualizations directly inside your Pulumi application. This blog shows how to use Pulumi to get regular insights on the performance of your application. "
```
